README.md, before:

# Monster Hunter Database
Database containing all monsters informations for MHW and MH: Rise

Both DB's are complete for my goal which is to run a [Discord bot](https://github.com/Neryss/mh_bot) that you can invite to your own server by the way. 

I know some informations might be missing for recent monsters sicne I didn't use the locations or missions rewards for the bot, hence why it is not present in the DB. Feel free to add them if you wish!

# !!! UPDATE CONCERNING MH WILDS AND CURRENT BOT STATUS

So we all know the new entry in the series is coming soon, with that the question of this repo being updated is brought out. The simple answer is yes it will be completed with the new monsters!
I don't know when though, I will be playing the game a lot and juggling with work/studies so it may take time, I think the template will stay the same (if the devs didn't bring new resistances format...) so if people want to help, as usual go ahead!

Another big point: the Discord bot isn't running at the time (and hasn't been for quite a while to be honest), reason being my server is dead (o7) and I don't have the money to get another one for now. I might get a replacement soon so I will update this readme according to it.


I hope everyone will have fun with the new game, see you on the hunt!

## MHW
This json was taken from the [MHW-db api](https://docs.mhw-db.com/), I've added missing content mostly from post Iceborne in the same format while not going through advanced stuff (Locations, rewards...).

Might be missing advanced informations such as locations, you can check the template for the first monster and add stats for the other ones if needed (or you can take a look at the api directly).

## MH: Rise
This one was made by scratch for, as previously stated, a [Discord bot](https://github.com/Neryss/mh_bot) mainly. It contains less informations than the MHW one since I didn't need everything included from the lastest. (such as quest rewards, locations...)

Also it doesn't contain the 1 star stats from most of the monsters, I've added this later thinking people might want these informations. That's basically what you can help the most on!

You can take a look at the [template](./rise_template.json) and add monsters such as small ones or ones added in the future if they are missing!
All the informations were taken directly from the [wiki](https://monsterhunterrise.wiki.fextralife.com/Monster+Hunter+Rise+Wiki) and belongs to Capcom. You can refer to it if you want to add missing data!

Also if you're looking to add missing stats for the first monsters, take a look at the last ones since they contain everything needed!

### Update about Rise
Most info about Sunbreak and free title updates should be present and updated. If you're using the Discord bot and find some missing/inaccurate info, you can take a look at this DB, else you can [contact me](mailto:admin@neryss.pw).

## Contribute

You can add the following things if you wish or need, the DB can and will be updated when MH Wilds comes out by the way! And it will follow the same format if it is still up to date.

Anyway, here are the needed stuff:

- Small monsters informations
- Monster descriptions/lore
- Monster locations
- Monster drops/rewards

## Thanks

- [TKkeith12](https://github.com/TKkeith12/) for adding some locations to the World db
- [Darkbane0216](https://github.com/Darkbane0216) who completed the title update monsters for World, also he is working on his own bot that you can find [here](https://github.com/Darkbane0216/BetterHandler)!

Commit message:

ADD: wilds template correction + Ajarakan

README.md, after:

# Monster Hunter Database
Database containing all monsters informations for MHW and MH: Rise

Both DB's are complete for my goal which is to run a [Discord bot](https://github.com/Neryss/mh_bot) that you can invite to your own server by the way. 

I know some informations might be missing for recent monsters sicne I didn't use the locations or missions rewards for the bot, hence why it is not present in the DB. Feel free to add them if you wish!

# !!! UPDATE CONCERNING MH WILDS AND CURRENT BOT STATUS

I'm starting to work on the MH: Wilds Database, it will take a bit of time to get right and to make sure that no typos were made.

Concerning the bot, I want to re do the whole code base since it's an ugly monster, this will also take some time but I'll have plenty of free time to work on both project.


I hope everyone will have fun with the new game, see you on the hunt!

## MHW
This json was taken from the [MHW-db api](https://docs.mhw-db.com/), I've added missing content mostly from post Iceborne in the same format while not going through advanced stuff (Locations, rewards...).

Might be missing advanced informations such as locations, you can check the template for the first monster and add stats for the other ones if needed (or you can take a look at the api directly).

## MH: Rise
This one was made by scratch for, as previously stated, a [Discord bot](https://github.com/Neryss/mh_bot) mainly. It contains less informations than the MHW one since I didn't need everything included from the lastest. (such as quest rewards, locations...)

Also it doesn't contain the 1 star stats from most of the monsters, I've added this later thinking people might want these informations. That's basically what you can help the most on!

You can take a look at the [template](./rise_template.json) and add monsters such as small ones or ones added in the future if they are missing!
All the informations were taken directly from the [wiki](https://monsterhunterrise.wiki.fextralife.com/Monster+Hunter+Rise+Wiki) and belongs to Capcom. You can refer to it if you want to add missing data!

Also if you're looking to add missing stats for the first monsters, take a look at the last ones since they contain everything needed!

### Update about Rise
Most info about Sunbreak and free title updates should be present and updated. If you're using the Discord bot and find some missing/inaccurate info, you can take a look at this DB, else you can [contact me](mailto:admin@neryss.pw).

## Contribute

You can add the following things if you wish or need, the DB can and will be updated when MH Wilds comes out by the way! And it will follow the same format if it is still up to date.

Anyway, here are the needed stuff:

- Small monsters informations
- Monster descriptions/lore
- Monster locations
- Monster drops/rewards

### Wilds

- Relecture will be needed, and you can also help me complete the monster list!
- Maybe add a `description` entry to the template
- Same for `rewards`

## Thanks

- [TKkeith12](https://github.com/TKkeith12/) for adding some locations to the World db
- [Darkbane0216](https://github.com/Darkbane0216) who completed the title update monsters for World, also he is working on his own bot that you can find [here](https://github.com/Darkbane0216/BetterHandler)!
